title: "selleck.fr : Inhibiteurs, Anticorps, Protéines, kits et réactifs"
link: "https://www.selleck.fr/"
tags: ["inhibitors"," selleckchem"," compound libraries"," small biochemical compounds"," market research"," biotechnology"]
createdAt: 2025-12-11T09:43:31.390Z
Welcome to Selleck Chemicals! Follow us for regular updates about new product releases, blog articles, discounts and more. Also, be sure to check out our website for comprehensive product information, QC and purity data, interactive signaling pathway maps and much more! Selleck Chemicals is one of the world's leading suppliers of biochemical products and services. We offer a diverse, well-curated and data-rich catalog of over 6000 small molecule inhibitors and modulators for multiple cell signaling pathways including MAPK, PI3K/Akt/mTOR, Apoptosis, Angiogenesis, and JAK/STAT, among others. In addition, we also provide a variety of screening libraries for High Throughput Screening and High Content Screening to advance drug discovery and systems biology research. All the inhibitors are well classified, so you can directly choose inhibitors according to signaling pathways or research areas listed in our company website. We boast a global operations network and overnight delivery on all in-stock items. Selleck Chemicals has established long-term and stable relationships with more than 10,000 customers from pharmaceutical and biotech companies to universities and research institutions. We have headquarters in the United States, Asia, Europe, and 38 distributors worldwide. We help the scientists of today deliver on the technologies of tomorrow. Put your research on the fast track with Selleck Chemicals. We look forward to supporting you!
